hey guys he lives over here today I
wanted to show you something that I sort
of received as a Christmas present
actually I got a gift card and then I
just ended up getting this at Cabela's
and what this is is you see it's made by
GSI and it is a aluminum folding micro
table for backpacking and stuff like
that so as you can see start unfolds
like that flip it over like this pull
off is a couple of rods here
stand it up feed it through all of them
okay so after you get those two bars in
base of these things just fold out on
both sides just over the band okay
yourself a nice portable little table
now I haven't ever used this yet I've
only set it up once replies so I haven't
tried actually cooking or anything on it
but I can see how pretty stable you know
I mean you can put a lot of weight on
there also if you don't want that tall I
guess you just flip cheese down and a
little short table yeah yeah yep
put whatever you want on there but it's
a pretty it's a pretty cool little table
you know it's better than cooking on the
dirt I know I go pack back and sometimes
and you know gets real messy when you're
sitting in the dirt so figured this
might help keep just cooking area a
little bit more tidy and a little after
you know makes a little makeshift
windshield or something it's like really
win here whatever I can see how that can
that could be kind of effective too you
know I got you a little stove back here
this thing sort of blocking the wind off
a little that would help so here let's
take it back apart
so all in all I have to say this thing's
pretty cool I mean I think it was like
$25 yeah I probably 25 bucks might be
able to find a cheaper online somewhere
but like I said I had a gift card so I
don't know it might have been $30 I
can't quite remember but it's pretty
cool little table can't wait to get out
and try this summer all right guys
thanks for watching